Tarek Abdelzaher received his Ph.D. in Computer Science from the University of Michigan in 1999. He is currently a Professor and Willett Faculty Scholar at the Department of Computer Science, the University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign. He has authored/coauthored more than 300 refereed publications in real-time computing, CPS/IoT, distributed systems, intelligent networked sensing, machine learning, and control. He served as Editor-in-Chief of the Journal of Real-Time Systems for 20 years, and as Associate Editor of the IEEE Transactions on Mobile Computing, IEEE Transactions on Parallel and Distributed Systems, IEEE Embedded Systems Letters, the ACM Transaction on Sensor Networks, ACM Transactions on Internet Technology, ACM Transactions on Internet of Things, and the Ad Hoc Networks Journal. He chaired (as Program or General Chair) several conferences in his area including RTAS, RTSS, IPSN, Sensys, DCoSS, ICDCS, Infocom, and ICAC. Abdelzaher's research interests lie broadly in understanding and influencing performance and temporal properties of networked embedded, social, and software systems in the face of increasing complexity, distribution, and degree of interaction with an external physical environment. Tarek Abdelzaher is a recipient of the IEEE Outstanding Technical Achievement and Leadership Award in Real-time Systems (2012), the Xerox Award for Faculty Research (2011), as well as several best paper awards. He is a senior member of IEEE and a fellow of ACM.
No Biography for Sarita V. Adve
No Biography for Vikram Adve
No Biography for Ram Alagappan
Nancy M. Amato is Head of the Computer Science Department and Abel Bliss Professor of Engineering at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. She received undergraduate degrees in Mathematical Sciences and Economics from Stanford, and M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in Computer Science from UC Berkeley and the University of Illinois, respectively. Before returning to her alma mater in 2019, she was Unocal Professor and Regents Professor at Texas A&M University and Senior Director of Engineering Honors Programs.
No Biography for Brian P. Bailey
No Biography for Arindam  Banerjee
No Biography for Adam Bates
No Biography for Matthew Caesar
No Biography for Timothy Moon-Yew Chan
No Biography for Eshwar  Chandrasekharan
Kevin Chen-Chuan Chang is a Professor in Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. He received a BS from National Taiwan University and PhD from Stanford University in Electrical Engineering. His research addresses large-scale information access and knowledge acquisition, for search, mining, and integration across structured and unstructured big data, with current focuses on Web search/mining and social media analytics. He received ICDE 10-Year Test of Time Award in 2022 and Best Paper Selection/Awards in VLDB 2000 and 2013 and ASONAM 2019, NSF CAREER Award in 2002, NCSA Faculty Fellow Award in 2003, IBM Faculty Awards in 2004 and 2005, Academy for Entrepreneurial Leadership Faculty Fellow Award in 2008, and the Incomplete List of Excellent Teachers at University of Illinois in 2001, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2010, 2011, 2019, 2022, 2023. He is passionate to bring research results to the real world and, with his students, co-founded Cazoodle, a startup from the University of Illinois, and developed GrantForward.com funding discovery and dissemination service, a vertical search engine integrating 20,000 sources, subscribed by 200+ institutions including Harvard, Stanford, Yale, Cornell University, University of California, CMU, Mayo Clinic, and National Institutes of Health.
No Biography for Chandra Sekhar Chekuri
No Biography for Girish  Chowdhary
No Biography for Camille Cobb
No Biography for Katie Cunningham
El-Kebir received his PhD in Computer Science at VU University Amsterdam and Centrum Wiskunde & Informatica  (2015) under the direction of Jaap Heringa and Gunnar Klau. He did postdoctoral training with Ben Raphael at Brown University and Princeton University (2014-2017). In 2018, he joined the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign as an Assistant Professor of Computer Science. El-Kebir has affiliate faculty appointments in Electrical and Computer Engineering, the Institute of Genomic Biology and the National Center for Supercomputing Applications. He received the National Science Foundation CISE Research Initiation Initiative (CRII) Award in 2019 and the CAREER Award in 2021.
I have been a faculty member in the Department of Computer Science since 1998 and a full professor since 2010; I was named a Sohaib and Sara Abbasi Professor in 2020. I have published over 100 technical papers in computational geometry, computational topology, graph algorithms, and related topics at the intersection of computer science and mathematics. Among many other conference committee memberships, I was the chair of the community-elected steering committee for the International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SOCG) from 2013 to 2016, and I am currently a SafeTOC (anti-harassment) advocate for SOCG and for the ACM-SIAM Symposium on Discrete Algorithms (SODA).
No Biography for Paul  Fischer
No Biography for Christopher Wardlaw Fletcher
No Biography for Michael A. Forbes
No Biography for David Forsyth
No Biography for Aishwarya Ganesan
No Biography for Saugata  Ghose
Brighten Godfrey is an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. He co-founded and served as CTO of network verification pioneer Veriflow through its 2019 acquisition by VMware, where he now serves as a Technical Director. He received his Ph.D. at UC Berkeley in 2009, and his B.S. at Carnegie Mellon University in 2002. His research interests lie in the design of networked systems and algorithms. He is a winner of the ACM SIGCOMM Rising Star Award, the UIUC Dean's Award for Excellence in Research, the Sloan Research Fellowship, an Internet2 Innovative Application Award, the National Science Foundation CAREER Award, and multiple best paper awards.  He was a Beckman Fellow at the UIUC Center for Advanced Study in 2014-2015, and has served as program committee co-chair of ACM SIGCOMM, ACM HotNets and the Symposium on SDN Research.  He is currently serving as a member of the ACM SIGCOMM Steering Committee.
William Gropp is Director of the National Center for Supercomputing Applications and holds the Thomas M. Siebel Chair in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Illinois in Urbana-Champaign. He received his Ph.D. in Computer Science from Stanford University in 1982.  He was on the faculty of the Computer Science Department of Yale University from 1982-1990 and from 1990-2007, he was a member of the Mathematics and Computer Science Division at Argonne National Laboratory.  His research interests are in parallel computing, software for scientific computing, and numerical methods for partial differential equations.  He is a Fellow of AAAS, ACM, IEEE, and SIAM and a member of the National Academy of Engineering.
No Biography for Carl  Gunter
TL;DR: Today, one can't escape Distributed Systems. They are all around us---from the datacenters and clouds we use directly or indirectly every day; to smart devices, smart homes, and smart buildings/cities; to machine learning running inside AI systems online and in the physical world. Yet many common concepts, algorithms, and systems design and implementation techniques, pervade and permeate through many of these seemingly disparate types of distributed systems. Prof. Indranil Gupta (Indy) does research and teaching on these topics. His research is driven by a love of working on real problems (very often motivated by industry), devising solutions with intellectual depth, and then implementing and evaluating them with real testbeds and systems. He also collaborates with industry production teams. His group is one of the most diverse in the CS department. He teaches the world's largest (online) class on distributed systems, apart from regular on-campus teaching. Sometimes he improvises music to teach Computer Science.
No Biography for Jiawei  Han
No Biography for Sariel  Har-Peled
John C. Hart is Professor and Director of Online and Professional Programs in the Department of Computer Science, and the Executive Associate Dean of the Graduate College of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. His research on computer graphics and data visualization has been supported by Adobe, AT&T, DARPA, IBM, Intel, Microsoft, Nokia, NVIDIA and the NSF. He has worked with graphics hardware manufacturers, defense contractors, visual effects studios, game developers and a medical imaging startup, and has provided IP expertise for Microsoft, NVIDIA, AMD, Samsung and others.
Kris Hauser is a Professor in the Department of Computer Science, the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, and the Department of Mechanical Science and Engineering at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. His research interests lie in robot planning and control, a field devoted to providing the decision-making capabilities needed for robots and other intelligent agents to perform complex physical tasks. His research builds upon the theoretical foundations of state space dynamics and optimality, but attempts to overcome the shortcomings of classical theory when faced the complexities of real-world systems, such as high dimensionality, uncertain dynamics, bounded computation, and integration with perception and learning. The methodologies at the foundation of this work include optimization, probabilistic methods, AI, control theory, and physics simulation, and theory is bridged with practice on real-world physical robots in the context of a diverse range of applications with social impact, including robot locomotion and manipulation, medical robots, human-operated robots, warehouse automation, and intelligent vehicles. 
No Biography for David Heath
No Biography for Julia Hockenmaier
Hoiem received his Ph.D. in Robotics at Carnegie Mellon
No Biography for Reyhaneh  Jabbarvand
Sheldon H. Jacobson is a Founder Professor of Computer Science, Director of the Simulation and Optimization Laboratory, and Founding Director of the Bed Time Research Institute at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.  He holds appointments in Industrial and Enterprise Systems Engineering, Electrical and Computer Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, and the College of Medicine.  He has a B.Sc. and M.Sc. in Mathematics from McGill University and a Ph.D. in Operations Research from Cornell University.  He has served on the faculties at Case Western Reserve University (Weatherhead School of Management, 1988-1993), Virginia Tech (Industrial and Systems Engineering, 1993-1999), and the University of Illinois (1999-present).  
Heng Ji is a professor at Computer Science Department of University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. She received her B.A. and M. A. in Computational Linguistics from Tsinghua University, and her M.S. and Ph.D. in Computer Science from New York University. Her research interests focus on Natural Language Processing, especially on Information Extraction and Knowledge Base Population. She is selected as "Young Scientist" and a member of the Global Future Council on the Future of Computing by the World Economic Forum in 2016 and 2017. The awards she received include "AI's 10 to Watch" Award by IEEE Intelligent Systems in 2013, NSF CAREER award in 2009, PACLIC2012 Best paper runner-up, "Best of ICDM2013" paper award, "Best of SDM2013" paper award, ACL2018 Best Demo paper nomination, Google Research Award in 2009 and 2014, IBM Watson Faculty Award in 2012 and 2014 and Bosch Research Award in 2014-2018.  She has coordinated the NIST TAC Knowledge Base Population task since 2010. She is the associate editor for IEEE/ACM Transaction on Audio, Speech, and Language Processing. She has served as the Program Committee Co-Chair of NAACL-HLT2018, NLP-NABD2018, NLPCC2015, CSCKG2016 and CCL2019, and senior area chair for many conferences. She has led several multi-institute research efforts including DARPA DEFT Tinker Bell team of seven universities and DARPA KAIROS RESIN team of six universities. She is the task leader of the U.S. ARL projects on information fusion and knowledge networks construction between 2009-2019.  She is invited by the Secretary of the Air Force and AFRL to join Air Force Data Analytics Expert Panel to inform the Air Force Strategy 2030.
No Biography for Nan  Jiang
Daniel's research focuses on making analytics with machine learning (ML) easy for scientists and analysts to use. For his dissertation, Daniel worked a particular emphasis on video analytics and data systems for deploying ML.
No Biography for Karrie Karahalios
Dakshita Khurana is an Assistant Professor of Computer Science. She works in Cryptography and related topics in Privacy, Security and  Theoretical Computer Science. She obtained her PhD from UCLA, under the  fantastic supervision of Prof. Rafail Ostrovsky and Prof. Amit Sahai.
Andreas Klöckner is an associate professor in the scientific computing area within the Department of Computer Science at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. His research focuses on high-order accurate integral equation methods and fast algorithms for elliptic boundary value problems as well as code transformation for high-performance scientific computing. He is the recipient of a 2017 National Science Foundation CAREER Award. In support of his research, Dr. Klöckner has released numerous scientific software packages. Previously, he was a Courant Instructor at the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences at New York University with Leslie Greengard, after obtaining his PhD degree from the Division of Applied Mathematics at Brown University in 2010 with Jan Hesthaven.
No Biography for Robin Hillary Kravets
No Biography for Ranjitha  Kumar
No Biography for Steven M. LaValle
No Biography for Svetlana  Lazebnik
Colleen Lewis is an Associate Professor of computer science (CS) at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign. Lewis was previously the McGregor-Girand Associate Professor of CS at  Harvey Mudd College. At the University of California, Berkeley, Lewis completed a PhD in science and mathematics education, an MS in computer science, and a BS in electrical engineering and computer science. Her research seeks to identify and remove barriers to CS learning and understand and optimize CS learning. Lewis curates CSTeachingTips.org, a NSF-sponsored project for disseminating effective CS teaching practices. Lewis has received the NSF CAREER Award, the NCWIT.org Undergraduate Mentoring Award and the AnitaB.org Emerging Leader Award for her efforts to broaden participation in computing. 
No Biography for Bo  Li
Yunzhu Li will join the Department of Computer Science at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (UIUC) as an Assistant Professor in Fall 2023. He is currently a Postdoctoral Scholar at Stanford University and recently received his Ph.D. from MIT. His work stands at the intersection of robotics, computer vision, and machine learning, with the goal of helping robots perceive and interact with the physical world as dexterously and effectively as humans do. Yunzhu received the Adobe Research Fellowship and was selected as the First Place Recipient of the Ernst A. Guillemin Master's Thesis Award in Artificial Intelligence and Decision Making at MIT. His research has been published in top journals and conferences, including Nature, NeurIPS, CVPR, and RSS, and featured by major media outlets, including CNN, BBC, The Wall Street Journal, Forbes, The Economist, and MIT Technology Review. He received a B.S. Degree from Peking University and has also spent time at the NVIDIA Robotics Research Lab.
No Biography for Darko  Marinov
I am currently an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer Science. Prior to joining UIUC, I did postdoc at Simons Institute for Theory of Computing at UC Berkeley (Aug'15 to Dec'15), and in College of Computing at Georgia Tech (Aug'12 to July'15, advisor: Prof. Vijay V. Vazirani). I received my Ph.D. in computer science from IIT-Bombay under the supervision of Prof. Milind Sohoni and Prof. Bharat Adsul, in August 2012. My Ph.D. thesis titled "Nash Equilibrium Computation in Various Games" won the ACM India Doctoral Dissertation Award, 2012.
No Biography for Charith Mendis
No Biography for Jose  Meseguer
No Biography for Sasa  Misailovic
Klara Nahrstedt is the Grainger Distinguished Chair of Engineering Professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and is the Director of the Coordinated Science Laboratory. Her research interests are directed toward trustworthy multimedia distributed systems and networking, quality of service (QoS) and resource management in Internet and mobile systems, real-time security in wireless networks for trustworthy power grids, edge-cloud systems, cyber-physical system security for electric vehicles, health systems,  3D tele-immersive systems, and advanced edge-cloud-based cyber-infrastructures for scientific instruments. She is the recipient of the IEEE Communication Society Leonard Abraham Award for Research Achievements, the 2008 University Scholar Award, the 2009 Humboldt Research Award, the 2012 IEEE Computer Society Technical Achievement Award, and the 2014 ACM Special Interest Group on Multimedia (SIGMM) Technical Achievement Award, 2018 Robert Piloty Prize, and 2019, 2019 Tau Beta Pi Daniel C. Drucker Eminent Award in the College of Engineering, and 2020 Grainger Distinguished Chair in Engineering. She has been the editor-in-chief of the ACM/Springer Multimedia Systems journal; associate editor of the ACM Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications and Applications; associate editor of the IEEE Transactions on Multimedia; associate editor of the IEEE Transactions on Information Forensics & Security; associate editor of IEEE Multimedia Magazine; general co-chair of ACM Multimedia 2006;  IEEE PerCom 2009,  ACM/IEEE IOTDI 2019, and IEEE Smartgridcomm 2020. She was the elected chair of the ACM SIGMM between 2007 and 2013. Nahrstedt received her Diploma in mathematics  from Humboldt University, Berlin, Germany, in 1985. In 1995, she received her Ph.D. from the Department of Computer and Information Science at the University of Pennsylvania. She is  ACM Fellow, IEEE Fellow, AAAS Fellow, member of the Leopoldina German National Academy of Sciences, and member of National Academy of Engineering. .
No Biography for Luke  Olson
Yongjoo Park is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. At UIUC, he is part of Data and Information Systems (DAIS) Research Lab. Also, Yongjoo is a co-founder and Chief Scientist of Keebo, Inc., a start-up company he co-founded based on his Ph.D. research. Yongjoo's research interest is in building intelligent data-intensive systems using statistical and Artificial Intelligence techniques. Yongjoo obtained a Ph.D. in Computer Science and Engineering from the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor in 2017. His dissertation received the 2018 SIGMOD Jim Gray Dissertation runner-up award.
No Biography for Madhusudan  Parthasarathy
No Biography for Hao Peng
Jian Peng has been a professor of computer science at UIUC since 2015. Before joining Illinois, Jian was a postdoc at CSAIL at MIT and a visiting scientist at the Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research. He obtained his Ph.D. in Computer Science from Toyota Technological Institute at Chicago in 2013. His research interests include bioinformatics, cheminformatics, and machine learning. Algorithms developed by Jian and his co-workers were successful in several scientific challenges, including the Critical Assessment of Protein Structure Prediction (CASP) competitions and a few DREAM challenges on translational medicine and pharmacogenomics. Recently, Jian has received the Overton Prize, an NSF CAREER Award, a PhRMA Foundation Award, and an Alfred P. Sloan Research Fellowship.
Lawrence Rauchwerger is a Professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. Previously, he was the Eppright Professor of Computer Science and Engineering at Texas A&M University and the co-Director of the Parasol Lab. He received an Engineer degree from the Polytechnic Institute Bucharest, a M.S. in Electrical Engineering from Stanford University and a Ph.D. in Computer Science from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. 
No Biography for Jim Rehg
Dr. Reid is a Research Professor in Computer Science and Ag & Bio Engineering, and he is an affiliate in the Center for Digital Agriculture. Reid has more than 35 years of highly accomplished technology leadership experience in industry and academia. From 1986-2000, he served on the faculty at the University of Illinois where his research focused on sensing, automation, and control of food and agricultural systems. He then spent 19 years with Deere and Company where initiated the development of enterprise field robotics capabilities. He has experience in innovation management having served as Director, Enterprise Product Innovation and Technology for 14 years. In 2017 he was recognized as John Deere Technical Fellow for his contributions in Technology Innovation. From 2020-2022, he was Vice President of Enterprise Technologies for Brunswick Corporation.
No Biography for Ling  Ren
How can we build a world in which programmers of all skill levels across all domains can prove the absence of costly or dangerous bugs in software systems---that is, formally verify them? I am an Assistant Professor with the PL/FM/SE group at Illinois, and I like to build proof engineering technologies to make that world a reality. In so doing, I love to use the whole toolbox---everything from dependent type theory to program transformations to neural proof synthesis---all in service of real humans.
Grigore Rosu does research in design, semantics and implementation of programming and specification languages, automated software engineering and formal methods, especially push-button techniques for certification, monitoring, synthesis and modularization, and in automated reasoning about computer systems, applications of logics, theorem proving, algorithms, (co)algebra, and category theory.  He teaches classes on software engineering, programming languages, formal methods, and runtime verification.  Before joining UIUC in 2002, he was a research scientist at NASA Ames.  He obtained his Ph.D. at the University of California at San Diego in 2000 and his M.S. at the University of Bucharest, Romania, in 1996.   Grigore was offered the CAREER award by the NSF in 2005, the outstanding junior award by the CS Department at UIUC in 2005, and the Dean's award for excellence in research by the College of Engineering at UIUC in 2014.  He won the ASE IEEE/ACM most influential paper award in 2016 and the RV test of time award for papers published in 2001 that shaped the runtime verification field, and distinguished/best paper awards at ASE 2008, ASE 2016, OOPSLA 2016, ETAPS 2002.  He was ranked a UIUC excellent teacher in Spring 2013, Fall 2012, Spring 2008 and Fall 2004.
Lui Sha graduated with Ph.D. from CMU in 1985. He worked at the Software Engineering Institute from 1986 to1998. He joined UIUC in 1998 as a full professor. Currently, he is Donald B. Gillies Chair Professor of Computer Science Department and Daniel C. Drucker Eminent Faculty at UIUC's College of Engineering.  He is a fellow of IEEE and ACM, and a recipient of the IEEE Simon Ramo Medal for exceptional achievement in systems engineering and systems science. He was a member of National Academic of Science's Committee on Certifiably Dependable Software Systems and a member of NASA Advisory Council. 
No Biography for Gagandeep Singh
No Biography for Makrand SINHA
Paris Smaragdis completed his masters (1997), Ph.D. (2001), and postdoctoral studies (2002) at MIT, performing research on computational audition. Prior to the University of Illinois he was a research scientist at MERL, and Adobe Research. His research is focused on machine learning approaches to solving various audio signal processing problems. In 2006 he was selected by MIT’s Technology Review as one of the year’s top young technology innovators (TR35) for his work on machine listening, he has won the IEEE Signal Processing Society Best Paper Award twice (2017 and 2020), he was elected an IEEE Fellow (class of 2015), and selected as an IEEE Signal Processing Society Distinguished Lecturer (2016-2017). 
No Biography for Edgar Solomonik
No Biography for Elahe Soltanaghai
No Biography for Sarah Gimbert Sterman
No Biography for Jimeng  Sun
 Sundaram received his Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering at Columbia University (2002) under Shih-Fu Chang's supervision. After his Ph.D., he was recruited by Arizona State University to help co-found (along with Thanassis Rikakis) the School of Arts, Media and Engineering (AME). AME is a transdisciplinary school that emphasizes scholarship and pedagogy with roots in the arts, design, and engineering. He served as Associate Director for AME (2009-12). He joined the University of Illinois in 2014 as an Associate Professor with a joint appointment between the departments of Computer Science and the Charles H. Sandage Department of Advertising. He received the Eliahu Jury award for best dissertation (2002), IBM faculty awards (2007, 2008), and several best-paper awards and best-paper runner-up honors from IEEE and ACM conferences. He was elected as ACM distinguished scientist in 2019 and IEEE senior member in 2019. 
No Biography for Ruby Tahboub
No Biography for Matus Jan Telgarsky
No Biography for Hanghang  Tong
No Biography for Josep  Torrellas
Luther Tychonievich began at Illinois in August 2022; prior to that he spent 9 years as teaching faculty at the University of Virginia. His primary academic activity is education: education of students, teaching assistants, faculty, and computer science educators at every level. He has taught across the CS curriculum (computer organization, data structures, discrete mathematics, graphics, programming, software development, theory of computation) as well a about equity and inclusion (active recruiting, inclusive pedagogy, stereotype threat) and education (assessment, tutoring and teaching methods).
No Biography for Deepak Vasisht
No Biography for Mahesh  Viswanathan
Gang Wang received his Ph.D. from UC Santa Barbara in 2016 (under the direction of Ben Y. Zhao and Heather Zheng), and a B.E. from Tsinghua University in 2010. After working as an Assistant Professor at Virginia Tech (2016 - 2019), he joined the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 2019. He is now an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer Science, and also has affiliate faculty appointments in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering (ECE) and the Informatics Program of School at the University of Illinois. He is a recipient of the NSF CAREER Award (2018), Amazon Research Award (2021), Google Faculty Research Award (2017), and Best Paper Awards from IMWUT 2019, ACM CCS 2018, and SIGMETRICS 2013. His projects have been covered by media outlets such as MIT Technology Review, The New York Times, Boston Globe, CNN, and ACM TechNews.            
No Biography for Shenlong Wang
No Biography for Yuxiong  Wang
Professional development: Warnow received her PhD in Mathematics at UC Berkeley (1991) under the direction of Gene Lawler, and did postdoctoral training with Simon Tavare and Michael Waterman at the University of Southern California (1991-1992). After positions at Sandia National Laboratories (1992-1993), University of Pennsylvania (1993-1998), and the University of Texas (1998-2014), she joined the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign as a Founder Professor of Engineering. She is now Associate Head for Computer Science, and has affiliate faculty appointments in Bioengineering, Electrical and Computer Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, and several biology departments.
No Biography for Tianyin  Xu
No Biography for Wenzhen Yuan
No Biography for ChengXiang Zhai
No Biography for Lingming  Zhang
No Biography for Han Zhao
Craig Zilles is an Associate Professor in the Computer Science department at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. His current research focuses on applying computing and data analytics to education, including the development of the Computer-based Testing Facility (CBTF). Historically, his research has focused on the interaction between compilers and computer architecture, especially in the context of managed and dynamic languages. He received his Ph.D. in 2002 from Wisconsin-Madison for his work with Guri Sohi on Speculative Slices and Master/Slave Speculative Parallelization. Prior to his work on computer architecture and compilers, he developed the first algorithm that allowed rendering arbitrary three-dimensional polygonal shapes for haptic interfaces (force-feedback human-computer interfaces).  He has been widely recognized for excellent teaching at the undergraduate level; he has received the campus  Excellence in Undergraduate Teaching in 2018, the IEEE Education Society's 2010 Mac Van Valkenburg Early Career Teaching Award, the College of Engineering's Rose Award and Everitt Award for Teaching Excellence, and Illinois Student Senate Teaching Excellence Award.   He holds 5 patents, is a recipient of an NSF CAREER award, and his research has been recognized by best paper awards from ASPLOS in 2010 and 2013 and by selection for inclusion in the IEEE Micro Top Picks from the 2008 Computer Architecture Conferences.  
